# Release notes - v40.1
## ***22 December 2021***
Go.Data version 40.1is now available for download from its usual location. This version includes a number fixes and enhancements. Most significant enhancement is upgraded MongoDB.

**IMPORTANT FOR UPDATING WEB APPLICATION: Please make sure that you choose ‘Run as administrator’ option when you start Go.Data for the purpose of upgrading it to version 40.1. This is essential to ensure successful upgrade.**

### Web / Api / Installer
Changes / Improvements:
- [BREAKING CHANGE]: Upgraded MongoDB server from 3.2.x to 5.0.3. The upgrade will be done automatically when upgrading for normal Windows and Linux installs. If a horizontal scaling architecture is in place it is mandatory to first upgrade MongoDB server to version 5.0.3. If upgrade is performed on a standard installation ensure that sufficient free space exists on hard drive (as a precaution: at least 3 x space occupied by database files).
- Improved import system to work with large amounts of data for xlsx, csv and json file types for the following resources: cases, contacts, events, contacts of contacts, relationships (contacts/exposures), lab results, locations (normal one and not the hierarchical one), reference data. Re-worked import system resolved several other issues related to import.
- Import system displays progress for the following resources: cases, contacts, events, contacts of contacts, relationships (contacts/exposures), lab results, locations (normal one and not the hierarchical one), reference data. For some imports progress indicator was already in place but not all of them.
- Imports are moved to worker thread so they don't clog the main thread for the following resources: cases, contacts, events, contacts of contacts, relationships (contacts/exposures), lab results, locations (normal one and not the hierarchical one), reference data.
- Export data could export a zip file when performing export on a large number of records for xlsx, xls, and ods. To address this import allows zip files to be imported too.
- [BREAKING CHANGE]: An error message will be displayed if when trying to import xlsx file with formulas. Presence of formulas in the file was causing many issues. Note that before importation it will be required to convert the xlsx file formulas to values. 
- When creating or modifying a case validation is added to check if a contact with the same name exists in the database. Validation is performed immediately before leaving the first tab.
- When creating or modifying a contact validation is added to check if a case with the same name exists in the database. Validation is performed immediately before leaving the first tab.
- New endpoint (GET /system-settings/model-definition). This endpoint will return a basic definition for the requested model (note: dynamic properties will not be included).
- Inclusion of a number of contacts in exported data files for cases, contacts and events.
- Inclusion of a number of exposures in exported data files for cases, contacts, events and contact of contacts.
- Inclusion of a number of contacts and number of exposures filters on case, contact, events and contact of contacts list pages.
- Number of contacts and number of exposures is sortable in case, contact, events and contact of contacts list pages.
- Default capcha changed to contain only uppercase letters and digits for clarity.
- Changed message when login credentials are wrong to provide more clarity on nature of the error.
- Language switcher dropdown included in the reset password page.
- Changed label to "All outbreaks" when no outbreak is selected on create or modify an user or a client application to be more clear how the system handles empty values.
- Changed data exporter role to include additional permissions which are required for data exportation.
- Changed import functionality to find records to update using not only the "ID" but a combination between "outbreakId" and "case id / contact id / contact of contact id / lab sample ID". By default this option is disabled and it needs to be enabled from config.json (alternateUniqueIdentifierQueryOnImport.*)
- New outbreak templates, for Monkeypox and Yellow Fever.
- "Histopathology" is added to default testType categories, as this is used in new Yellow Fever outbreak template.
- "Mining" and "Forestry" are added to default occupation categories, as this is relevant occupation across many infectious disease outbreaks, including Yellow Fever.
- Changes to French language translations.
- Ability to create records with custom ids (if id property is provided on POST API calls then instead of allocating an uuid system will use the provided value). This option is disabled by default (config.json => allowCustomIDsOnCreate)
- Automatic backups creation at a specific time. This requires to change automatic backup settings time, followed by providing the time when backups should start - should start at max 5 minutes after the configured time.
- Automatic deletion of audit logs older then n days (option enabled by default and configured to 180 days, audit logs older than 180 days will be deleted. This can be disabled by changing the value to false in config.json file.

Fixes:
 - Resolved an issue where it wasn't possible to change the source of relationships of type contacts from a case/contact/event to other case/contact/event. 
- Resolved an issue where snapshots and other temporary files weren't removed after n hours (config.json => removeSyncSnapshotsAfter / removeTmpUploadedFilesAfter / removeTmpUploadedImportFilesAfter).
- Resolved an issue where exporting dossier didn't anonymize fields properly.
- Resolved an issue where geographical level wasn't required when importing locations.
- Resolved an issue where an user could have ve been blocked from logging in.
- Resolved an issue where contact lab results weren't send to mobile.
- Resolved an issue where case follow-ups weren't send to mobile.
- Resolved an issue where user was able to access contact of contacts even if they were disabled for a specific outbreak.
- Resolved an issue where scrolling wouldn't close the location filter popup which was making hard to see information underneath the filter.
- Resolved an issue where clicking on some chains of transmissions nodes from the graph page was causing the app to crash.
- Resolved an issue where geographical restrictions wouldn't work properly if cluster and caching locations were enabled.
- Resolved an issue where exporting data from 'Follow-up dashboard' was sometimes showing incorrect information.
- Resolved an issue where 'Print follow-up list' and 'Daily follow-ups' were sometimes showing incorrect information
- Resolved an issue were it was possible to add duplicate reference items.
- Resolved an issue were the total number of outbreaks from the outbreak list page was incorrect when using the delete filter.
- Resolved an issue where exporting reference data was exporting translated text instead of the record id.
- Resolved an issue were Created by and Updated by fields weren't properly filled when creating or modifying cases, contacts, relationships.
- Resolved an issue where accessing records from location usage list page was crashing the application.
- Resolved multiple issues with upstream server sync.
- Resolved an issue where location was required when creating a team but not required when modifying that team.
- Resolved an issue where the delete backup confirmation message was wrong.
- Resolved an issue where events or contacts without relationships was displaying incorrect information when using delete filter.
- Resolved an issue where it was possible to modify a questionnaire for a future follow-up.
- Resolved an issue where reset filters didn't work properly on cases list page.
- Resolved an issue where importing json was failing if that json was exported from Go.Data using the 'Replace undefined values with null' flag.
- Resolved an issue with automatic backups not being created if scheduler was failing to execute.
- Resolved an issue where it was not possible to import location if parent id was a number.

### Go.Data Mobile app
New features and Improvements:
 - Delete functionality for cases, contacts and contact of contacts. Ability to delete works in conjunction with user roles and permissions.
 - Option to change case id, contact id and contact of contact id if outbreak masks don't contain sequences.
 - Option to filter by vaccination and pregnancy data.
 - Contacts and exposures lists for Contacts, Cases and Contact of Contacts.
 - User interface adjustments.
 - Contact phone numbers dial-able.
 - Changed mobile app sync system to do a full sync instead of a partial sync after app was upgraded to a newer version

Fixes:
- Resolved a couple of issues related to sync / login process failing when you had multiple hubs.
- Resolved an issue where user was able to select as exposure a contact of contact for a contact.
- Resolved an issue where in some specific conditions not all data was synced to mobile.
- Resolved an issue where filtering by gender wasn't working properly.
- Resolved an issue where filtering for a record without location was returning an empty list.
- Resolved an issue where deleted teams were displayed.
