# Release notes - v43.0
## ***18 August 2022***
Go.Data version 43 is now available for download from its usual location. This version includes a number fixes and enhancements as outlined below. In addition, new versions of the mobile app which include some bug fixes are available in AppStore and Google Play.

### User interface (UI) and user experience (UX)
- New UI/UX design implemented on pages for merging cases, contacts, contact of contacts and events pages.
- New UI/UX design implemented on Teams workload page.
- New UI/UX design implemented on Users workload page.
- Fixed an issue where Add , Delete , Share , Import , Convert buttons were visible on some pages when the selected outbreak was not the same as active outbreak.
- Added ability to close sticky alerts (eg " A person with the same name already exists " ...) by clicking / tapping on the alert message.

### Outbreaks and templates
- Fixed an issue where questionnaire question answers where displayed in alphabetical order instead of the order configured by user when filling case, contact, lab result and follow-up questionnaire.
- Fixed an issue where changing questionnaire question from single answer to multiple answer type was causing the questionnaire to not be rendered if case / contact / lab result / follow-up had an answer selected from the time when question type was single answer.

### Cases and contacts
- Added copy field value functionality to all relationships that have the same field empty. This feature is available when creating relationships (exhibits, contacts).
- Added latitude / longitude columns on bulk create / modify contacts and contacts of contact pages.
- Added new record action type to allow users to see all follow-ups for a contact / case from outbreak all follow-ups page.
- Selecting a location in bulk create / modify contacts and contacts of contacts will prompt user if latitude / longitude should be filled with the values ​​from the location (provided that location record contains coordinates).
- Fixed an issue where contact chronology page was throwing an error if a contact follow-up status did not contain any value.

### Laboratory
- Fixed an issue where lab result variant / strain information could have been lost when user updated only some of the variant / strain fields and not all of them.

### Mobile app
- Fixed an issue where mobile sync could fail in some specific circumstances when an outbreak had countries.

### Reference data
- Added latitude and longitude fields to Center name reference data records.

### System administration
- Fixed an issue where the super admin account could not be deleted by user with appropriate role and permissions.
- Fixed an issue where help item content was not saved properly.
- Fixed an issue where import, export, migrations were throwing an error if database used custom username / password.

# Other
- Fixed several misspellings.
